Government Systems in DBR MUD

As per the history, the continent of Lomdin has two major governments
on it - the Kingdom, of which Daybreak Ridge town is a part of, and
the Empire, which the (unimplemented) city of Klatch is in.

Every player on the MUD will have the option of joining either
of the two systems as a citizen. Citizenship offers some
benefits, namely that citizens can vote (when applicable)
and buy land for towns/villages (with the new system). Players may
also elect to _not_ join a system, if they feel it is not in
their best interests.

The Kingdom, as can be inferred from the name, is a constitutional
monarchy. The King is a "hereditary" office - the first one is
selected by the admin (or player vote), and he chooses his
sucessor from then on. One of the large benefits of kingship
is your own palace - a hand-coded area, probably quite large,
by Tailwind.

The House of Aristocracy, though, generally makes all the laws
of the Kingdom. The House is composed of all town-owning people.
The King may be a part of the House if he owns his own town.
He also has veto powers that may be over-ridden by 3/4s vote of
the House.

The Empire, on the other hand, is best described as a democracy.
The government is composed of a Prime Minister, and a Congress
of the People. Both the PM and the members of Congress are
voted in directly by the citizens of the Empire (not just
land-owners, but all of them).

Like the Kingdom, the Congress has most of the power. The PM
wields slightly more power than the King of the Kingdom, but
does not have the veto power. He also only has a mere office
in the governmental building of Klatch.

Congress has the ability to impeach the PM with a 90% vote.
The Kingdom has no real way of removing the King, except
through revolution (King suicides). In case of revolution,
the new King is picked by popular vote.

Both systems share the appointed positions of sheriff and
tax collector. The sheriff gets the special ability to
arrest criminals anywhere in _towns or the capital city_.
The tax collector makes his rounds to the various towns
and player stores, and collects tax money.

Both governments require money to pay for guards, equip them, maintain
the city, and buy additions to the city when asked for. The
governments can vote in tax increases and decreases, and adjust
weekly salaries for the various positions.

That's about it. It'll be a good coding project, but in reality,
shouldn't be really all that hard.

All comments welcome.

-TW
